[3/3] OSDOCS#16925: Apply CQA for etcd (Backup and restore) (#116891)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/restore-determine-state-etcd-member.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the *etcd pod is crashlooping*, then follow the steps in "Replacing an unhealthy etcd member whose etcd pod is crashlooping".
```

.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
ip-10-0-131-183.ec2.internal  stopped
----
+
This output lists the node and the status of the node's machine. If the status is anything other than `running`, then the *machine is not running*.
+
// TODO: xref

> If the *machine is not running*, then follow the _Replacing an unhealthy etcd member whose machine is not running or whose node is not ready_ procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the *machine is not running*, then follow the steps in "Replacing an unhealthy etcd member whose machine is not running or whose node is not ready".
```
